{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green2\blue7;\red255\green255\blue10;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red251\green2\blue7;\red255\green255\blue255;\red33\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\cssrgb\c99942\c98555\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c99144\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25920\viewh14400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 //__ZX-T1__// _________________________Master Document-2 For "From Student to Master (STM)" Project_________________________//                                   \cb4 /\
\cb3 //__ZX-T2__// ______________ GOAL(S): TO DOCUMENT MY SESSION ACTIONS / THE DETAILS OF MY SESSION ACTIVITIES __// ____________//\cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 //__ZX-T2__// ______________ Launch Date: __________ April 15, 2024 _______________________// ____________//\cf0 \cb6 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \cb4 \
\cb1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \cb6 //____________________________________________//___Progress Notes / Activities; April 15, 2024: ___//____________________________________________//
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\
>> 1) General review and re-familiarization with the STM repo.\
\
>> 2) Creation of documentation 2 document.\
\
>> 3) Trying to \'93play around\'94\'97teach myself the \'93PyCharm\'94 program. Result: I\'92m not yet sure that I can/should use it, instead of VS-Code.\
\
>> 4) Checking my current OS and other system details.\
_____>>> 4-i) Purpose: to try suss out the various limitations I\'92m faced with.\
_____>>> 4-ii) Googled this search-term: \'93zz\'94; result: https://shorturl.at/jzDS7\
_____________>>_>> 4-ii)-I\'97One of the discoveries I\'92ve made as a result (copied & pasted from MS documentation): \
_________________________________>> \'93
\f2\i Visual Studio for Mac is scheduled for retirement by August 31, 2024 in accordance with Microsoft\'92s Modern Lifecycle Policy.  \'85 
\f0\i0 \'94\
\
>> 5) Attempt to design Python\'97\'93Guessing the Number\'94 app.\
_____>>> 4-i) Result: Failure. :-( \
\
>> 6) Try to continue the current PHLASK ticket tasks.\
\
\
//==================//=====================================//\\\\//==================//=====================================//\
//==================//=====================================//\\\\//==================//=====================================\\\\\
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb7 //__ZX-T2__// __________________________________Template-Lite / Model(s) For New Set of Notes_*__// ______________//\

\f0\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \
//----------x----------//\

\f1\b \cb4 Progress Notes; SEP 24: \

\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\
>> Details: \
	>>> I ran into a problem yesterday with VS-Code, while attempting to import the pandas library. So today, I've tried solving the issue, with help from one of my Code for Philly/PHLASK buddies. Part of the problem was: I didn't have a virtual environment installed in my relevant working directory.\
	>>> We thus had to install that, along with a ".gitignore" file in the same directory. \
	>>> That action then enabled the proper/current version of Python to be activated in the directory.\
	>>> However, I still haven't solved the Pandas issue yet. And ideally, I would love to install all the libraries I'll have to work with for Python. But that's a fight for another day, I guess! [**Shrugging Emoji**]\
	\\\\==========\\\\\
	>>> I also listed the seven problems I'll be tackling for the algorithm task.\
\
//----------x----------//\
Progress Notes; OCT 4:\
\
>> Goal(s) for today: continue re-acclimating to regular close examination and processing of code-blocks.\
	>>> This can be achieved continuously with the algos.\
	>>> But I also need to ensure that I continue substantively with the full-stack, front-end, and back-end app-practicing.\
\
>> Specific goal for today; Oct 4. 1 algo for Python. Important side-note: apparently, the Python issue--vis-a-vis importing the "Pandas" library (which is more-than-likely a mere symptom of a larger issue)--is not fixed yet.\
\
>> But for now, I'm just going to ignore that.\
\
	>>> Related interesting development: apparently, the "import 'math'" instruction seems to work well in the algorithms sub-directory. And when I tested the statement "import Pandas" in the same file in which the "import 'math'" statement worked, the same problem occurred; i.e., the squiggly line appeared under 'Pandas' with VS-Code helpfully giving me some suggestions, re: how to solve the issue.\
	>>> (^^) Trouble-shooting: T.-B.-Continued!\
\
//----------x----------//\

\f1\b \cb3 Progress Notes; OCT 8: \cb4 \

\f0\b0 \
\cb1 >> New notes added here: \
	https://docs.google.com/document/d/198PAj76usnE-lsZvNux3o7IIu9SUZl4ononQLUCql8c/edit \
\
//----------x----------//\
Progress Notes; OCT 16 to 17:\
\
>> Copy of G-Doc documentation additions; i.e., intro section see link for details:\
\
Oct 16 to Oct 17\
\
>>> Agenda\
___>> Session\'92s Agenda; i)--Coding & Data-Sci; ii\'96Related; iii\'96Other Work.\
___>> Budgeted time: 12 hours minimum, with intermittent breaks throughout.\
___>> Start date and time: Oct 16, 7:00 PM, US-EST.\
\
\\\\==================//=====================================//\\\\//==================//=====================================//\
//==================//=====================================//\\\\//==================//=====================================\\\\\
}