{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-BoldItalic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red64\green64\blue64;\red64\green64\blue64;
\red251\green2\blue7;\red255\green255\blue10;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c31765\c31765\c31765;\cssrgb\c31765\c31765\c31765;
\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\cssrgb\c99942\c98555\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26860\viewh15540\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 1\'97Comcast; March 2024: \

\f1\i \ul Development Manager: \

\f0\i0 \ulnone Communications and Tools Team at TPX CONNECT PLEX Communications Engineering\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \

\f0\b >> Job Summary / Profile \
\
===>> Summary \

\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>>\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  Responsible for leading a team of Software Development Engineers in the planning and designing of software and web applications. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Manages projects from design to testing, including new programs, enhancements and modifications. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Collaborates with Quality Assurance team to conduct testing. Has overall responsibility for developing/administering performance standards for organizational unit. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Manages team which may include exempt and non-exempt employees. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Provides subject matter guidance to employees as required. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Develops processes and procedures to drive department efficiencies and assists in the development and meeting of departmental budget. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
//\
//\
\

\f0\b \ul >> Job Description 
\f2\b0 \ulnone \

\f1\i\b The Technology, Product, Experience (TPX) organization works at the intersection of media and technology and our innovative teams are continually developing and delivering products and next-generation technologies that transform the customer experience. The Comcast Network and CONNECTivity (CONNECT) organization is a highly agile, fast-paced, dedicated group at the forefront of change focused on innovating, building, and operating the best in class, most reliable access network for our customers. \

\f2\i0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ===>> About the Team / Role: 
\f2\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 We are seeking a Development Manager to join our Communications and Tools team at TPX CONNECT PLEX Communications Engineering, Comcast. This engineering organization is responsible for innovation, development, delivery, and support of Comcast Residential, Business, and Commercial communication products, focusing on digital voice technologies. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Our cross-functional international team comprises architects, principal engineers, UX and Data specialists, UI and MW developers, Operation and QA engineers, software dev managers, and project and program managers. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The ideal candidate will possess a full-stack technical background, strong leadership skills, and excellent verbal and written communication acumen catering to technical and executive audiences. In this role, you will lead a 12-person cross-functional agile development team, delivering products across several engineering disciplines and projects. In collaboration with other teams and contributors in the organization \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 You will: Oversee the infrastructure, CI/CD, security and architectural MW decisions, UI frameworks, and UX improvements. \
\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Review and propose solutions to various customer-impacting challenges and experiences. Provide technical guidance to MW, UI, and QA engineers and coach and mentor staff on best SDLC practices as needed. Continue to develop and grow cross-functional teams and individuals\'92 careers. Expertly navigate a complex organizational matrix, including cross-geography and contracting staff. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Maintain and develop processes to assure efficiency and transparency. Demonstrate knowledge of technical, resource, and budget LRP. Possess an expertise in agile methodologies. \
\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Have experience working with large and complex data subsets and an ability to analyze and correlate them to troubleshoot and manage systems. Have familiarity with tools like Spark, Splunk, Cassandra, Elastic Search, Tableau, or any other BI tools. You will be: Accountable for the final product delivery and effective support plan. 
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Accountable and responsible for all risk management strategies related to your team. Representing ComET team across a larger organization and vendors as a domain expert. Staying current with technology trends, evaluating the competition, and identifying areas for optimization of existing products. \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Overseeing the creation of all technical documentation, such as software design, evaluation plans, test plans, technical manuals, proposals, and LRP. Evaluating products\'92 and teams\'92 performance metrics. Responsible and accountable for your direct reports\'92 performance reviews, career growth plans, mentoring, and coaching. Responsible for team skills assessments, work distribution, and hiring new talent. The ideal candidate has: 3-5+ years of experience leading cross-functional development teams. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 3-5 years of technical leadership experience (e.g., senior engineer). \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb6 \ulc5 Overall 10+ years of experience in a software engineering domain with a strong understanding of design patterns and industry best practices. Expertise in building full-stack solutions utilizing distributed computing. \

\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb1 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> 
\f0\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Experience in designing, developing, and delivering microservices and REST API-based services. Experience deploying applications with appropriate security, observability, and alerting designed-in. Experience with CI/CD and automated deployments. In-depth knowledge of Enterprise architecture principles. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases. Experience evaluating public and private cloud services as potential component parts of more extensive solutions. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Nice to have: Experience in communications engineering. Familiarity with Big Data technologies like MongoDB and Cassandra Familiarity with computer networking (firewalls, routing, CIDR, subnets). Experience with languages such as Java, React, Angular, Node, JavaScript, CSS, REST, and Go. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Experience with DBs such as ELK SQL and NoSQL DBs. Experience with tools/technologies such as Concourse, Github, Rally, Jira, Splunk, Kibana, Grafana, Docker, K8s, and Cloud platforms. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ________>> \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Experience evaluating third-party open source and commercial products as potential components of more extensive solutions. Experience contributing to Open Source projects. 
\f2\b0 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
>> Education Bachelor's Degree While possessing the stated degree is preferred, Comcast also may consider applicants who hold some combination of coursework and experience, or who have extensive related professional experience. Relevant Work Experience 5-7}